What is the port this example is using? Can you explain why this port is used? Hint: look up the Daytime
protocol.
Port: 13
The Daytime Protocol is a service in the Internet Protocol Suite. It is intended for testing and measurement purposes in computer networks.
A host may connect to a server that supports the Daytime Protocol on either Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) or 
User Datagram Protocol (UDP) port 13. The server returns an ASCII character string of the current date and time in an unspecified format.

Why does the read loop check until -1 is received?
-1 indicates that there is no more data to read as end of stream has been reached.

For the Daytime client, you did not need to send any data to the server. How would you modify the echo
server to behave in a similar manner?
After connection is accepted, send data

If you change the order of write and read statements in the client program, does it change the output? For
example, try doing two or more writes before your reads or interleaving writes and reads.
Yes, it gets stuck trying to read in data

How many clients can the server handle at one time? How could you modify your program to handle more
clients? Try to think of multiple ways you could extend your program.
Only one at a time. Could use threads to handle each new request, or have a queue.

What port is the server using to accept the client connection? How do you think this port is allocated? How
is this port different from the server?
port 59593. By choice/random - whatever is free at the time. The port passes information between the app layer and transport layer,
while the server processes the information and makes requests.

What will happen when a client stops running without closing the connection first?
java.net.SocketException: Connection reset
Looks like the socket detects this and closes anyway

What are the port numbers being allocated to the clients for the multi-threaded server? How do they differ
from the single thread server?
The port numbers keep incrementing as more connections are added.

